Document how to upgrade a Helm managed VSO (#23512)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/vso/installation.mdx

```shell-session
$ helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com

"hashicorp" has been added to your repositories
```

```shell-session
$ helm search repo hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator

NAME           	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION
hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator	0.3.1       	0.3.1     	Official HashiCorp Vault Secrets Operator Chart
```

Then install the Operator:

```shell-session
$ helm install --version 0.3.1 --create-namespace --namespace vault-secrets-operator vault-secrets-operator hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
```

## Upgrading using helm

> Upgrades may be performed with `helm upgrade` on an existing installation. Please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upgrade on an existing installation with the `helm upgrade` . Please
```

Style correction: write in active voice, address the reader when providing instruction

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/23512/commits/f088661672eb9de9cea37ec46f670c893fdebd7d

always run Helm with `--dry-run` before any install or upgrade to verify
changes.

> Update the `hashicorp` Helm repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `hashicorp` Helm repo:
```
Style correction: introduce code with a colon.

```shell-session
$ helm repo update hashicorp

Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Successfully got an update from the "hashicorp" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
```

> Upgrade the VSO release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade the VSO release:
```
Style correction: introduce code with a colon

```shell-session
$ helm upgrade --version 0.3.1 --namespace vault-secrets-operator vault-secrets-operator hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
```

> ~> **Note:** Helm does not automatically update the Operator's CRDs.
> All CRDs will need to be updated manually after upgrading VSO.
> Refer to [Updating the CRDs](#updating-the-crds) for the proper update procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Helm does not automatically update CRDs">

You must update all CRDs manually after upgrading VSO. Refer to
the  [Updating CRDs](#updating-the-crds) section for details.

</Note>
```
Style correction: write in active voice, address the reader when providing instruction, use new aside notation

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/23512/commits/f088661672eb9de9cea37ec46f670c893fdebd7d

Please note that Markdown syntax does not work in an HTML tag. I updated your suggestion.

> ## Updating the CRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating CRDs
```

> Updating VSO's CRDs is a manual step that should be executed after upgrading to a newer version of the operator.
> Applicable when VSO is managed by Helm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must update CRDs for VSO manually **after** you upgrade the
 operator when the operator is managed by Helm.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

> ~> **Note:** Make sure that the Helm chart version used in command below matches the currently
> deployed VSO release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your CRDs, replace `YOUR_VSO_VERSION` with your currently
 deployed VSO version:
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make placeholders obvious at a glance.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/23512/commits/f088661672eb9de9cea37ec46f670c893fdebd7d

> ```shell-session
> $ helm show crds --version 0.3.1 hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator | kubectl apply -f -
> 
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/hcpauths.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/hcpvaultsecretsapps.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultauths.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultconnections.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultdynamicsecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultpkisecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
> customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultstaticsecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell-session
$ helm show crds --version YOUR_VSO_VERSION hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator | kubectl apply -f -
```

For example, if you use VSO version 0.3.1:

```shell-session
$ helm show crds --version 0.3.1 hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator | kubectl apply -f -

customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/hcpauths.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/hcpvaultsecretsapps.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultauths.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultconnections.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultdynamicsecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultpkisecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/vaultstaticsecrets.secrets.hashicorp.com unchanged
````

Style correction: make placeholders obvious at a glance

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/23512/commits/f088661672eb9de9cea37ec46f670c893fdebd7d

```

## Chart values

> All supported chart values are documented [here](/vault/docs/platform/k8s/vso/helm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [VSO helm chart](/vault/docs/platform/k8s/vso/helm)
 overview for a full list of supported chart values.
```

Style correction: use meaningful anchor text

> ```shell-session
> $ helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com
> 
> "hashicorp" has been added to your repositories
> ```
> 
> ```shell-session
> $ helm search repo hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
> 
> NAME           	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION
> hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator	0.3.1       	0.3.1     	Official HashiCorp Vault Secrets Operator Chart
> ```

Reviewer 2: Just my personal preference but the extra lines look a little odd to me here:

````suggestion
```shell-session
$ helm repo add hashicorp https://helm.releases.hashicorp.com
"hashicorp" has been added to your repositories
```

```shell-session
$ helm search repo hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
NAME           	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION
hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator	0.3.1       	0.3.1     	Official HashiCorp Vault Secrets Operator Chart
```
````

Author: Fixed with 9740993ca9c417385bd16128de261574c6515df3

Then install the Operator:

```shell-session
$ helm install --version 0.3.1 --create-namespace --namespace vault-secrets-operator vault-secrets-operator hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
```

## Upgrading using helm

You can upgrade an existing installation with the `helm upgrade` command.
Please always run Helm with the `--dry-run` option before any install or upgrade to verify
changes.

Update the `hashicorp` Helm repo:
```shell-session
$ helm repo update hashicorp

Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Successfully got an update from the "hashicorp" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
```

> <note title="Helm does not automatically update CRDs">
>   You must update all CRDs manually before upgrading VSO.
>   Refer to <a href="#updating-the-crds">Updating CRDs</a>.
> </note>

Reviewer 2: "Note" apparently needs to be capitalized to render properly, and the href needs updating.

```suggestion
<Note title="Helm does not automatically update CRDs">
  You must update all CRDs manually before upgrading VSO.
  Refer to <a href="#updating-crds">Updating CRDs</a>.
</Note>
```

```shell-session
$ helm repo update hashicorp
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Successfully got an update from the "hashicorp" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
```

<Note title="Helm does not automatically update CRDs">
  You must update all CRDs manually before upgrading VSO.
  Refer to <a href="#updating-crds">Updating CRDs</a>.
</Note>

To upgrade your VSO release, replace `<TARGET_VSO_VERSION>` with the VSO version you are upgrading to:
```shell-session
$ helm show crds --version <TARGET_VSO_VERSION> hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator | kubectl apply -f -
$ helm upgrade --version <TARGET_VSO_VERSION> --namespace vault-secrets-operator vault-secrets-operator hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
```

For example, if you are upgrading to VSO 0.3.1:
```shell-session
$ helm show crds --version 0.3.1 hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator | kubectl apply -f -
$ helm upgrade --version 0.3.1 --namespace vault-secrets-operator vault-secrets-operator hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator
```

## Updating CRDs

You must update the CRDs for VSO manually **before** you upgrade the
 operator when the operator is managed by Helm.

> *Any kubectl warnings related to `last-applied-configuration` should be safe to ignore.*

Author: Fixed with 477a080ec56ba7a54aac5f1f5cd688a6c36d2ca1
